listen this movie has the record for the
lowest box office opening day
in history like can you imagine if this
was your first feature film right you're
so excited because you have young
talents
you got a 15 million dollar budget to
work on this thing and then you get
super stoked because you just landed one
of the most prestigious actors at
netflix announcing the end of house of
cards and spacey also losing
an award isn't that right that's right
robin we all know kevin spacey has been
one of the most praised actors in
hollywood but this morning
he is now facing a storm of criticism on
social media
and beyond why you know it's bad when
the made for tv movie from the 80s
what this is remaking made more money
let me explain
so this is actually based off of a true
story of these guys who are running a
ponzi scheme in the 80s
and while i know that just saying the
phrase white privilege ironically
triggers the people who make fun of
other people for getting triggered
that's actually what they're selling
each investor will ask
what is the bbc are we a holding company
are we an investment pool are we a
social club
all the above they're able to convince
these spoiled rich kids to invest in
them by telling them that they can be
their own men
who don't have to rely on their daddy's
money so they invest their daddy's money
problem is is that they're investing in
gold which at this point in time is just
tanking but they just lie in order to
get more funding for what's the bbc
it's the name of our company what does
it stand for
uh well it's supposed to stand for
billionaires boys club but
the other meaning is what these dudes
are getting around with they go to seek
help from an advisor and oh man
you see i knew it the moment i saw you
joe
you're a hustler just like
me the irony
in fact while i let some quotes slide
this dude ends up giving me
an entire montage of stuff that makes me
believe that spacey himself saw the
movie and saw everything his character
was saying
and he he was the reason why this movie
was buried because when i go in
i go all in i mean it was unethical and
corrupt
immoral if you believe in that sort of
thing but it wasn't illegal sometimes
the truth is the best line
so by shifting your perspective you can
justify anything
justify that implies right and wrong but
if you reconcile your perspective
then right and wrong become relative
obviously these kids continue scamming
people over and they're getting rich off
of it until
[Music]
spacey screws them over i didn't see
that coming
or him turns out that spacey was still
in his soze bag and he actually
fake invested in them in order to play
them later on while they were getting
rich
and these guys ended up becoming so
desperate because now they have no money
that they fake a kidnapping with the
help of even buffer chappelle when
why don't you tell this ape to get his
[ __ ]
what the [ __ ] damn now if it wasn't for
the fact that this was a true story i
would have just thought that these guys
were trying way too hard to be a copycat
of wolf of wall street but
they were actually this insane in real
life because this is a true story
they eventually try smuggling a dude
before also killing him they still keep
taking money from people who are taking
out
second mortgages they get into so much
debt that of course they figure that the
best escape plan
is drugs we have to turn ourselves in
what are you high i can't say that this
movie was the biggest dookie of the year
right like it's not great but it
definitely would have been better
if it was a story told through a
mini-series like american crime on fx
or something i mean the characters
aren't likable movie clearly wants to be
wall street and goodfellas at the same
time
and then by the end of it right when
they finally do get caught when the
hammer of justice is supposed to come
down
they just rush to the whole court case
and explain through text how one of them
was able to escape it all
so y'all just gonna leave the best part
of the story
as ending text thank you guys for
checking out this video i'm curious to
know your thoughts obviously you didn't
see this movie so i don't even think i'm
gonna ask you for your thoughts uh this
movie was shot in 2015
and like i said the best part of it
which i think would have been a court
case if this was a mini-series
uh if these guys even deserve to get
their own story on it they just save it
for text at the end
uh yeah i'm curious to know your
thoughts on this predicament
do you still watch kevin spacey movies
uh or people you know who are in this
scenario do you still think that they're
good
are you are you guardian guarding their
their their ability to still make these
movies do you think he can be redeemed
very deep questions for hiro let me
explain but i'll let you explain other
than that don't forget to comment like
and subscribe
and i'll let you invest in lme stock